hologram/README.md, before:

# Hologram as an electric holography

All details about the holography topics:
[Overview of Hologram](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC8839869/)

Making an hologram using the electric holography is the hardest among the
all of others but to do so there should be a perfect light source as the
image was captured.

Image will be generated through the multiple light phases, every light phase
is a light source. Now to differentiate between 2D image and 3D image we 
need to capture the depth of the scene, too. To do that there are many items
which can be used such as lasers, excited states of the atoms, lenticular
lens, etc.

Refer the above document for the more details.

# Types of Holography
1. [Micromagnetic Piston Display](http://www.techeblog.com/index.php/tech-gadget/5-amazing-holographic-displays-technologies-that-actually-exist-now)
2. [Holographic television displays](https://www.media.mit.edu/articles/3-d-tv-how-about-holographic-tv-3/)
3. Touchable Holograms - [link 1](https://www.ibtimes.co.uk/touchable-3d-holograms-daylight-now-possible-using-superfast-femtosecond-lasers-1508599)
- [link 2](https://www.reuters.com/article/us-japan-touchable-hologram-idUSKBN0TJ19B20151130)

Aerial Display by [Mitsubishi](http://www.techradar.com/news/world-of-tech/mitsubishi-is-developing-a-hologram-like-aerial-display-1315322)

For more reference, you can give me pull request.

Commit message:

hologram: readme: add holography computation paper references
In here, explained how holographic image is being generated. For
that some documents are added and also added more types of
Holograms which are being made.

hologram/README.md, after:

# Hologram as an electric holography

All details about the holography topics:
[Overview of Hologram](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC8839869/)

Making an hologram using the electric holography is the hardest among the
all of others but to do so there should be a perfect light source as the
image was captured.

Image will be generated through the multiple light phases, every light phase
is a light source. Now to differentiate between 2D image and 3D image we 
need to capture the depth of the scene, too. To do that there are many items
which can be used such as lasers, excited states of the atoms, lenticular
lens, etc.

Refer the above document for the more details.

# Types of Holography
1. [Micromagnetic Piston Display](http://www.techeblog.com/index.php/tech-gadget/5-amazing-holographic-displays-technologies-that-actually-exist-now)
2. [Holographic television displays](https://www.media.mit.edu/articles/3-d-tv-how-about-holographic-tv-3/)
3. Touchable Holograms - [link 1](https://www.ibtimes.co.uk/touchable-3d-holograms-daylight-now-possible-using-superfast-femtosecond-lasers-1508599)
- [link 2](https://www.reuters.com/article/us-japan-touchable-hologram-idUSKBN0TJ19B20151130)
4. [Invisible Ultrasonic Holograms](https://www.ibtimes.co.uk/invisible-3d-holograms-that-can-be-seen-felt-using-ultrasound-created-by-scientists-1477836)
5. [Surface Mount Acoustic Waves](https://www.ibtimes.co.uk/affordable-holographic-video-displays-are-possible-using-surface-acoustic-waves-1486467)

Aerial Display by [Mitsubishi](http://www.techradar.com/news/world-of-tech/mitsubishi-is-developing-a-hologram-like-aerial-display-1315322)
Star Wars 3D Holograms [Graphene Lasers](https://www.ibtimes.co.uk/star-wars-3d-holograms-now-possible-screens-made-graphene-lasers-1498905)

All of the information is gathered from the [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Holographic_display)

## Processing the Holography

Processing the video or the 3D image takes much time as it has to go through
the light physics for the every photon position calculation therefore it
needs Super Computer to generate few frames as inteded.

For improving this approach MIT students have published research paper which
encompasses the computation in [Deep Learning](https://news.mit.edu/2021/3d-holograms-vr-0310)
concept.
- [Paper](https://www.nature.com/articles/s41586-020-03152-0)

For more reference, you can give me pull request.
